Update old EssentialsX URLs in issue templates (#3678)
EssentialsX/Essentials: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/request-a-feature.md

3.  Check whether it has already been asked or added.
      You can search the issue tracker to see if your feature has already been
      requested at https://github.com/EssentialsX/Essentials/issues. You can

>       also check the wiki at https://essentialsx.net/ to see if the
>       feature was recently added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      also check the changelogs at https://github.com/EssentialsX/Essentials/releases
      to see if the feature was recently added.
```

The changelogs are more up-to-date than the wiki itself.
